StripSymbols default for PublishAOT (#35229)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/index.md

Reviewer: On line 69 in this file there's a description of the old behavior of StripSymbols - would it be possible to make this into a section with content that depends on the selected version?

Author: @MichalStrehovsky Does this look okay?

https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot/?branch=pr-en-us-35229&tabs=net7#native-debug-information

## Native debug information

### [.NET 7](#tab/net7)

Native AOT publishing follows platform conventions for native toolchains. The default behavior of native toolchains on Windows is to produce debug information in a separate *.pdb* file. The default behavior of native toolchains on Linux is to include the debug information in the native binary, which makes the native binary significantly larger.

Set the `StripSymbols` property to `true` to produce the debug information in a separate *.dbg* file and exclude it from the native binary on Linux. (This property has no effect on Windows.)

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
    <StripSymbols>true</StripSymbols>
</PropertyGroup>
```

### [.NET 8+](#tab/net8plus)

> By default, native AOT publishing produces debug information in a separate *.pdb* file on both Windows and Linux. On Linux only, you can set the `StripSymbols` property to `false` to include the debug information in the native binary. (Including the debug information makes the native binary significantly larger.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, native AOT publishing produces debug information in a separate file on all supported platforms (*.dbg* on Linux, *.pdb* on Windows, and *.dwarf* on macOS). This file is necessary for running the app under debugger or inspecting crash dumps. On Unix-like platforms, you can set the `StripSymbols` property to `false` to include the debug information in the native binary. (Including the debug information makes the native binary significantly larger.)
```
